Live Bootloader
===============

Live Bootloader Main Menu
-------------------------

    o MX-<VERSION> (<RELEASE DATE>)
        This is the standard way to boot the Live system.

    o Command Line Install
        Boot directly to the command line.  Do not start
        X-windows.  This can be useful to install on systems
        with very limited RAM.

    o Root Persistence
        (LiveUSB only)
        Enable root persistence so a LiveUSB acts like an
        installed system.  Optionally enable home persistence if
        the homefs file is available.  Requires a rootfs file
        created by RemasterCC to hold the file system changes.
        
    o Static Root Persistence
        (LiveUSB only)
        Just like root persistence but changes are saved
        immediate to disk instead of being stored in RAM.  This
        can be much slower but it does not consume RAM and the
        only size limition is the size of the rootfs file.

    o Home Persistence
        (LiveUSB only)
        Only enable home persistence.  This saves files and
        settings in your home directory but does not save
        system-wide settings are packages that have been
        installed.  Requires a homefs file created by RemasterCC.

    o Boot from Hard Drive
        Boot from the first internal hard drive.

    o Memory Test (memtest86+)
        Run a test to check RAM.  If this test passes then there
        may still be a hardware problem or even a problem with
        RAM but if the test fails then you know something is
        wrong.

If you have used "F7 Save" on a LiveUSB then a Custom entry may
also appear in the main menu.


Live Bootloader Popup Menus
---------------------------

o F1 Help
    Help system in English only.  Contains much of the same
    information that is given here.

o F2 Language
    Set the language for the bootloader and the MX system.  This
    will automatically transfer to the hard drive when you
    install.

o F3 Time Zone
    Set the timezone for the system.  This will automatically
    transfer to the hard drive when you install.

o F4 Options
    Options for checking and booting the Live system.  Most of
    these options do not transfer to the hard drive when you
    install.

    check md5
        Check the integrity of the Live media.

    check fs
        (LiveUSB only) Check the file system(s) of the boot
        media.

    to ram
        Transfer the Live system to RAM for faster operation.

    no usb-2
        Can help to boot LiveUSB on some older system.

    no acpi
        Can help to boot LiveCD and LiveUSB aon some older
        systems.  This options transfers when you install.

    HP Laptop
        Enable control of screen backlight on some HP laptop
        systems.  This option transfers when you install.

o F5 Video Mode
    These options can help when you have trouble getting
    X-windows to work.  They can also help if the screen suddenly
    goes blank or loses sync early in the boot process which can
    be caused by a problem with <a
    href=https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/kernel_mode_setting>
    Kernel Mode Setting.</a> (KMS).  These options will transfer
    when you install.

    vesa
        This is the safest boot mode available.  It disables
        Kernel Mode Setting and forces use of the vesa driver
        which works with almost all hardware.  Do not exect great
        graphics performance.  This is plan-C.

    safe
        Disable Kernel Mode Setting but allow the system to
        select a hardware specfic graphics driver.  This is
        plan-B.

o F6 Console
    Set resolution of virtual consoles.  May conflict with Kernel
    Mode Setting.  Can be useful if you are booting into Command
    Line Install or if you are trying to debug the early boot
    process.  This option will transfer when you install.

o F7 DPI
    (LiveCD)
    Set the dots-per-inch in X-windows.  This will scale the font
    sizes.  The larger the DPI, the larger the fonts will be.
    This setting will transfer when you install.

o F7 Save
   (LiveUSB)
   This can save all your menu selections and typed-in boot
   parameters as the new defaults.  It is a very easy way to
   quickly customize a LiveUSB for language and timezone.

    menus
        Use the current menu selections as the defaults.

    custom
        Create a new main menu entry using any boot codes you
        have entered manually.  If you don't enter any boot codes
        then an custom entry won't be made.

    both
        Use the current menu selections as the defaults and also
        create a custom main menu entry.

    reset
        Remove any custom main menu entry and restore the
        original menu defaults.


Other Live Bootloader Function Keys
-----------------------------------

o F10
    Reboot or Power off the system.

o F12
    Display current boot codes including those selected by the
    popup menus. 
